Simlog - a simple logging utility.

1. Capacities and limitations.

This program is designed to make keeping track of fairly rare events (think
installation of new software or tweaks to dotfiles) easy. It can't gracefully
handle gigabytes long entries and doesn't differentiate entries made within
same day. It can keep the log categorized by arbitrary user-supplied strings, 
or 'marks'. It supports querying entries by date, by mark, by date interval
and by matching their contents against regular expressions.

2. Usage

Before using this program, make sure that EDITOR environment variable is set.
The logger doesn't provide its own text-editing capabilities, using EDITOR 
instead.

Unless --reverse is specified, the commands that show several entries show
them from the latest to oldest.

All the commands that show multiple entries honor --before and --after
options. If --before is specified, then only entries made before given date
are shown. If --after is specified, then only entries made after given date
are shown.

Currently the logger supports following commands:

1. add: add an entry to the log. If --date option is not used, use today's
	date. If --mark option is not used, leave the entry unmarked.

2. edit: edit an existing entry. If no entry with given mark and date is found
	it's the same as add command. --from-stdin option is ignored.

3. view: view an entry. If --date option is not used, show today's entry. If
	--mark option is not used, search for unmarked entries.
	
4. view-marked MARK: view all entries with given mark. --date and --mark
	options are ignored. Pass "" to view unmarked entries.

5. view-all: view all entries. --date and --mark options are ignored.

6. remove: remove an entry. If --date option is not used, use today's date. If
	--mark option is not used, operate on unmarked entries.

7. remove-marked MARK: remove all the entries with the given mark. This
	command honors --before and --after options. --date and --mark options
	are ignored.

8. grep REGEX: show all entries which contents match REGEX. --date and --mark
	options are ignored.

9. grep-marked REGEX MARK: show all entries with given mark which contents
	match REGEX. --date and --mark options are ignored.
